001
Trouble In Paradise
start

# Mission // #001

## Trouble In Paradise

# Goals

- Establish Operating Base
- Ingratiate yourself with the locals
- Get a lay of the land
- Start investigation into The Missing Agent

# Hook

It has been a while since your last escapades, and during the passing weeks spent languishing a certain rumour has reached your ears, one way or another.
A notorious cutthroat "investor", that has their eyes and ears over swathes of diasporian space, has an open commission for a group of Lancers.

The details are vague, but some of those "eyes and ears" seem to have gone missing on a certain planet, and they're not going to just leave this be. They want a team on the ground ASAP and do some "detective" work. 
The system of the planet in question is located near the Karakoram Line in the Hyades Cluster, bearing the name Ibreliv.
This planet is known for still being in the process of adapting to Union Guidelines and the Three Utopian Pillars, but that is to be expected for being located in the periphery and only recently having been welcomed back into the fold.

You've seen this kind of open commission a dime a dozen, but apparently most Lancers have been rejected from this one. And the rewards are stranger still: "an opportunity or wish, within capabilities". 
Past reviews of this person by other Lancer lends credibility to the job, but also communicates that most efforts can be considered clandestine in nature.

You end up filling out the application for one reason or another, and to your surprise, after some time, you get a positive answer and a set of coordinates and a date to meet a contact planet side.

Surely this will be worth it...

# Reserves

- None at this time.
